[Music]
Okay, okay. Hey, a question you have about the
Chipiona issue. If I'm not mistaken, she was
one of the journalists who had the most
information. I mean, the issue
of, well, how it went for me, well, how it went for me. Yes, that's how it went for me, from going and
coming to talk to the
museum, with the association, with the
politicians, with those on one side, with those, I
ended up crazy with that issue, eh. They hit me from
all sides, yes, Rocío Carrasco, who was
leaving. But yes, I was the one who took out
all the agreements for all the years in the week,
everything. The issue of the museum was, let's
talk to the mayor. It's a good thing I
recorded him in case there was ever any
doubt, obviously, eh. Then he would
say one thing to me, then he would say another.
And that scam wasn't very clear to me
because there was a first agreement in which there were
three somewhat strange clauses
that if Rocío Carrasco, eh, charged x, but she
charged it in her name, but she couldn't
charge, I mean, one of the requirements was that she
couldn't receive the money because,
eh. Because of course the requirements are the
person, eh, every person who has a
counter-contract with the  City Hall
cannot, there were several requirements for which I
could not receive the money in
this case from the museum because it was the
universal era and it was that I had some debt
with the public administration but in
that agreement it stated with this
public administration only with the
City Hall of Chipiona when
normally it is with all
public administration but there it specified that it was a
little strange I already told it at the time
but son so much time has passed
because what has happened
eh No, to know if you knew anything about how
things are today because
Roso Carrasco is over there Right now he has
been in Seville these
last few days these last few weeks you have not
seen each other we have not been able to meet the truth is we have
not been able to meet we have been together
you know that I was in Malus with
also catching up a bit
after the trip and we have not been able to meet
But well not as the museum commands
So look of course I understand
that you have already been in Seville because to
do the promo no also and because of the
musical no and then Isabel said Seville
nothing else but with Isabel it
was before not last week if I'm not
mistaken of course I think it has  I'm hanging out
with Isabel rabo, what did this
person say that gives me so much positive energy?
I'm hanging out with her. Oh look, the museum.
When I went, I went to the museum, it's beautiful. Eh,
the museum is beautiful, the museum. But you've been there,
yes. I've been there. Oh okay, I went
too, okay. Yes, yes, it's fine, it's fine, it's
beautiful, very beautiful. I
love the car, like, what's the name of the
little office that he had? I think what was the
name of, whose office it was? There was an office, anyway. Oh
look at
the car. This car is where the
last images of Rocío Jurado appear. That
María Patiño is shaking her hand. Is that the one you
want to make a name for yourself? Yes, but my goodness. What
happens is that it's true
that it's very beautiful, but it's not something
that I
see as economically profitable to
maintain. Let's see, of course,
dozens of people have to visit it every day. F. Yes, let's see, I think
that in the end they inflated the figures. It
's true that when I went to see, there
wasn't one and there wasn't one, but then I did
n't see much movement either. I
understand that in the summer there will be more
movement and also knowing  that Rocío
Carrasco at that time was so popular
but there were buses that
went there because in the area where it
is within Chipiona
you know that it was not the best area either,
like the industrial estate and a little bit
out of the way it was not a central area
well no no but let's see you have to go through
the museum you go through when you get to
Chipiona almost by force or so it's very
difficult man Of course it's at the
entrance when you arrive through the
roundabouts to Chipiona you go through the museum Oh
well no go well where
we went no the other way around no I don't know maybe I don't know where I'm not
very well located but I don't know if it's when you
get to Chipiona let's go first you
're at the museum well I don't remember
where let's see yes to
see the location is really great I
mean I think it's unbeatable
in fact I don't know Besides it's not that it
's too far from the town like
Amador's house I mean far away no but when you
enter the town let's go no family I don't
know I didn't know anyone  from chipiona around
there or what about the bar don't remind me
about the bar that I go to the circus eh Because a
kiss to piqui we will still see Paqui the one
who was at her house piqui the friend of
rosio Jurado Oh piqui I was also
at her house What a nice report I did eh
What a nice report I did in chipiona
thanks to Paqui eh And to Jesús and to Jesús who has
n't spoken to her for a long time
a kiss to my Jesús a huge kiss it will be
second wherever it comes it will be second
wherever it comes but come on Of course where I
went the other way I stayed on the other side the
other side you know yes no no no [ __ ]
Why did you enter through the beach chipa or what did you
enter Through the water
no Javi put Google Maps here
no no I don't know poró I don't know where
you came from no no stop me all my
life it is that if you enter Ah okay if you
enter through Costa Ballena it is at the end Ah well okay okay okay of
course coming from Seville you pass
Of course you go through V of course son you go through
Seville I don't Of course the
roundabout arrives and  balls you go through the museum
And besides you can see, let's say it seems very
nice but like
too much investment for what you go I mean you me you
or so but the investment No
the investment It hasn't been done by Rocío
Carrasco no Of course but let's see it's
supposed to be the things Let's see let's see you
put a museum of several artists
imagine And then yes it's more
likely that more people will go but
when it's a museum of a single artist
let's see you're a big fan of Rocío
Jurado and you go once you don't go there
three times a year you go one day the thing is
that in the summer when Chipiona has more tourists
Well yes but during the
winter I don't think it's worth it at
all Of course but in the summer it's not like you
go There every day it gets
a little more crowded but it's not a [ __ ] thing that's
[ __ ] that's it I don't know what the expense is
The truth But well I don't know I
see it it doesn't stop [ __ ] great it has a [ __ ]
great museum and it's really worth it I mean
deserved to see maybe
Of course it's good that it's in
Chipiona because  was from was From there
but if I had put in Cádiz
Ciz of course positions that I don't know no but yes
Chipiona was their thing if not Madrid I mean
these things are put in
Madrid she wanted she wanted Rosi Jado
wanted it to be Chipiona it's not a
request from her
no yes but well I don't know I don't know the truth
what will
happen what will have been collected man it
's clear that in the end it's the people
who are paying that it's something cultural it's
something good well it's there I didn't even know
if it was open or not I don't know what became
of the museum man in the end this let
Rocío Carrasco go Well it gives it
publicity no And well then Hey maybe
someone else is encouraged to what no
what she already told us more what happened with
her do you remember the controversy with Herv
But if I took out do you
remember and what was left Well it was left that the
bar had closed I remember that I
spoke with the mayor with the no with
the opposition the mayor no the
ex-mayor my goodness what a circus that was
with the bar on top of that what they put on me
I say my goodness and  all for the sake of telling
a reality, it turns out that that bar was a
concession, it's just that I don't remember
exactly because there were so many things,
eh, it ended up closing because I don't know, I mean, it
went into receivership or I don't know, I don't
know what happened, but whoever was there
had to leave,
nobody came forward to replace him and in the end,
the Chapó bar, I mean, there wasn't one. In fact,
when I went, I think it was already
closed and I don't know if it's still open, if
anyone. From there, he still passes by
there, but the bar. No, I haven't
passed by the times that I've passed by, the bar
was closed. Uh, yes, but when you
passed by there, it's been a long time. I
think the last time I was in
Chipiona was when I did the report,
which was when I was at Paqui's house
with Jesús and all that, it's been a long
time ago, but the times that I've gone have
been two or three. Now that it's in the museum, the
chapado hasn't been made clear at any
point what the deal is, what the deal is. I mean, I would
swear that it's still there unless
someone tells me otherwise in the
chat, I would swear that this is there. Look, he
says, Altair, last week  I had to go
during the week to Chipiona, either the museum is closed
or no one is entering right now,
man, I say no one will enter or
maybe it was a day when it was
closed, but we have seen Rocío
inside, don't make this video and you escape
and and there the one who works there, what the one who
works there is sitting there
waiting to see if someone enters, no, but
the one who works there, I understand that he
will still be, I mean, I don't understand that he will be a civil
servant, not a nice job, nice
job, of course, I would, I would do it, I would
die of boredom,
let's say, I would start, I don't know, teleworking on
something else while I'm there, it's that no, it's not that it's what
you say, being there
waiting for them to enter,
what Because it's not the Prado Museum
[Music]